s exports would like to welcome former
longtime jet one of the best receivers
in Jets history one of the best slot
receivers in the history of the NFL
Wayne Quebec Wayne thanks for joining us
to that thanks for having me appreciate
it so we're on the heels of the Jets
Patriots game you know one of the
biggest games in Jets franchise history
if you ask Rex Ryan what do you think
man you know what was it like for you
being part of this rivalry no it's great
we always had big games anybody names
tease them and the Dolphins and that's
supposed to build but every time we went
up the foxboro is a tough game you know
what whatever the record was didn't
matter it's always a tough game so
today's gonna be interesting I'm not
sure what's going to happen when you had
your best years in my opinion
statistically 98 2000-2002 you really
put up eight or nine touchdowns in all
those seasons close to a thousand yards
and all those seasons what allowed you
to have those type of career years those
given years in comparison to some of the
other seasons when coaching changes was
a big difference you know you get all 42
coordinator come and believes in a
little more but in 98 she shown me and
Keyshawn want different side each other
and all you know there's always this net
and medium doesn't matter when of the
field we kill for each other and it was
kind of like can you top this he'd make
a play I'd make a play he'd make a play
next thing you know we both got 1,200
yards and were what 12 and former in the
playoffs so I mean that's that helped
little competition you had a great
career and as far as in that AFC
championship run you know what was that
like for you to almost make it to the
Super Bowl no it's tough to be up ten
nothing at halftime with 30 minutes to
go and know when you're playing against
guy named John Elway you know no leads
good enough so it's tough because we
thought we'd go right back 99 2000 but
99 I broke my foot beat me towards
Achilles and that's it you know
beginning the season was rough and we
didn't really make it so those are one
shots two behind workout you wish that
you when you were playing the game these
days that the rules were in effect back
in that to play to detect the players so
to speak I might still be playing
but if the rose our business Wow no five
years would be my 16th pick you know
things are different you know every year
seemed to Ghazi a bigger faster stronger
and the collisions are just brutal right
now you're watching the game and even I
went sometimes but it's good that
they're changing the rules you know help
us receivers I have to take care of them
you know going low on the quarterback
they have to take care of these these
are the superstars of the game you can't
have them being on the silent all season
but all you know you could tell four
guys being malicious and trying to
really really finish somebody off but it
is football keep we're going to get hit
and they got to remember that you're a
fearless receiver coming across the
middle unfortunately that led to you
know concussions and post concussion
syndrome a little bit what is it like
for you right now does it still take its
toll on you or you almost getting shaken
off all the cobwebs you're that much far
removed from football no I've been
shaking it off yeah you know I have my
moments but uh I think it always be like
that but people ask me you know what I
played any different the answer is no I
wouldn't change a thing I don't know if
a lot of people know this you've had so
many accolades in your career so many
awards but the adblock you know for
sportsmanship voted as one of the best
players on the Jets as well as the
Thurman Munson award given back to the
community and doing things on and off
the field what's that like for you to be
able to set the tone set the example and
lead by example off the field be a class
act you know what you've got to treat
people the right way now have to give
back you know i do what i can do you
know I don't do as much as i did when i
played but I I you know have certain
charities that I made sure I'm there for
and hit up the right golf events to
admit raise the right money and you know
you you have to give back for sure you
are an undrafted free agent I don't know
how someone like yourself goes on
drafting maybe people just look at size
too much but you know I know that you
can't test your someone's heart what was
it like for you know it and you know
when you didn't get drafted did you
always know that you were going to still
find your niche into the NFL
I thought maybe they said I'd be drafted
by the same to the bangles in the later
rounds then happen jets call which I
didn't work out for so it was a surprise
but I didn't like said just need the
opportunity as far as being drafted at
that point in the seventh round who
cares at least if you're free agent you
have a choice where you want to go and
injection was the right fit because
attending our receivers but uh nah I
just wanted a chance and you know co
tight was there he believed in me and 11
years later you know what's your
favorite memory with the New York Jets
I'm sure you have many you know what my
favorite memory is my last year my son
Luke was the tea boy to run out and get
the tea after he had to kick off and I
think getting b7 I think he was like
three so just seeing him run out there
and grabbed a tea run off they gave a
great standing ovation that was probably
one my proudest moments what would it
have been like for you to play under a
guy like Rex Ryan a guy that just talks
a lot would you have liked that I don't
know you know I played parcells is kind
of like a strong strong character that
alpha male you know but uh you think
it's just dissed if different how r ex
does it but the guys wanted you know run
through a brick wall for me right that's
what kind of coach want that's how it
was with Bill that's how it is we r XO
you know he's my kind of guy you know I
could get me fired up a little bit
people talk and they say that you know
he talks to relieve the pressure it
almost adds pressure it adds pressure to
a point um the more he talks to list a
bother Sanchez and some of the other
guys they concentrate on him maybe it
shouldn't be a you know me versus him
because it's really us were sit down but
you know he's he's smart he knows what
he's doing so hopefully uh you know it
works
just have been facing a lot of adversity
up and down and people seem to just
write them off but it's something about
this team I really think they're going
to take this ain't the Santa his
proposed on that drive nice slide and
give us some time you would do that this
is what the good quarterbacks do they
buy time difference even see it open in
your sports as one to them they've won a
rich or they know like a blader but
don't beat a team like big matrix in
their own
next game all right Wayne thanks a lot
appreciate it we got a bowl here for you
we got our shirt car foundation the
classic sports foundation to raise money
underprivileged youth as you can check
us out at clams exports foundation.org
Wayne Quebec watching classic sports